Add additional PL recommended docs (#858)
PyTorchLightning/metrics: docs/source/pages/lightning.rst

            self.log('train_acc_epoch', self.accuracy)

.. note::

    ``self.log`` in Lightning only supports logging of *scalar-tensors*. While the vast majority of metrics in torchmetrics returns a scalar tensor, some metrics such as
    :class:`~torchmetrics.ConfusionMatrix`, :class:`~torchmetrics.ROC`, :class:`~torchmetrics.MAP`, :class:`~torchmetrics.RougeScore` return outputs that are non-scalar
    tensors (often dicts or list of tensors) and should therefore be dealt with separately. For info about the return type and shape please look at the documentation for
    the ``compute`` method for each metric you want to log.

.. note::

>     Modular metrics contain internal states which should belong to only one DataLoader/Dataset. In case you are using multiple dataloaders, it is recommended to initialize a
>     separate modular metric instance for each dataloader and use them separately.

Author: ```suggestion
    Modular metrics contain internal states that belong to only one DataLoader/Dataset. In case you are using multiple dataloaders, it is recommended to initialize a
    separate modular metric instances for each dataloader and use them separately.
```

    .. testcode:: python

        class MyModule(LightningModule):

            def __init__(self):
                ...
                self.val_acc_dl_0 = torchmetrics.Accuracy()
                self.val_acc_dl_1 = torchmetrics.Accuracy()

            def val_dataloader(self):
                return [DataLoader(...), DataLoader(...)]

            def validation_step(self, batch, batch_idx, dataloader_idx):
                x, y = batch
                preds = self(x)
                ...

>                 if dataloader_idx == 0:
>                     self.val_acc_dl_0(preds, y)
>                     self.log('val_acc', self.val_acc_dl_0)
>                 elif dataloader_idx == 1:
>                     self.val_acc_dl_1(preds, y)
>                     self.log('val_acc', self.val_acc_dl_1)

Reviewer: nit: this could be simplified if we recommend to initialize the metrics as a `nn.ModuleList`
```suggestion
                self.val_acc[dataloader_idx](preds, y)
                self.log("val_acc", self.val_acc[dataloader_idx])
```

Author: done!

                self.metric(outputs['preds'], outputs['target'])
                self.log('metric', self.metric)

.. note::

    When using any Modular metric, calling ``self.metric(...)`` or ``self.metric.forward(...)`` serves the dual purpose of calling ``self.metric.update()``

>     on its input and simultaneously returning the metric value over the provided input. So if you are logging a metric on epoch-level, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    on its input and simultaneously returning the metric value over the provided input. So if you are *only* logging a metric on epoch-level, it
```

>     When using any Modular metric, calling ``self.metric(...)`` or ``self.metric.forward(...)`` serves the dual purpose of calling ``self.metric.update()``
>     on its input and simultaneously returning the value of the metric over the provided input. So if you are logging a metric on epoch-level, it
>     is recommended to call ``self.metric.update()`` directly, to avoid the extra computation.

Author: ```suggestion
    When using any Modular metric, calling ``self.metric(...)`` or ``self.metric.forward(...)`` serves the dual purpose of calling ``self.metric.update()``
    on its input and simultaneously returning the metric value over the provided input. So if you are logging a metric on epoch-level, it
    is recommended to call ``self.metric.update()`` directly to avoid the extra computation.
```
